arweave/file-service/plugin-terms.md, before:

[Homepage](../../) / [Partner: Arweave](../) / [Maskbook Plugin "File Service"](./) / Terms of Use

# Maskbook Plugin "File Service"<br>Terms of Use

Last Updated on **Jul 30, 2020**

## Introduction

This is the terms of use for Maskbook Plugin "File Service" and the online service behind it.

This service is built over [Arweave](https://arweave.org) blockchain solutions.

## Definitions

- **This service**: The service "Maskbook File Service" hereby being described.
- **We**: The maintainer of this service, i.e. [Dimension.im](https://dimension.im/).
- **You**: The end user hereby using this service.

## Coverage

This document includes the terms of using the Maskbook Plugin "File Service" (com.maskbook.fileservice). Maskbook itself and other plugins are not covered here.

## Copyright

- You should be the appropriate copyright owner or an authorized person/organization when uploader a file.
- When uploading, you implicitly permit Dimension.im and Arweave (Minimum Spanning Technologies Limited) and any node in the Arweave network (according to the definition provided by the Arweave technology) to serve verbatim copies of file over Internet, to the extent necessary for allowing you to share the file.

## Persistence

- Once you have uploaded a file, it may be impossible to delete it, because the storage is built over blockchain technologies.
- If you request to remove a file, such removal request may or may not be fulfilled.

## Liability

- You are solely responsible for not violating the law when using this service. This service does not assume any liability for any event, e.g. loss of data & damage of business interest.

## Law Enforcement

- This service is a combination of multiple independent sub-services. The providers of these sub-services (including and without limitation to Dimension and Arweave) may comply with court orders and search warrants from law enforcement authorities.

## Technical Summary

### Uploading

This Plugin encrypts the selected file with an AES-256-GCM Key (FileKey) to get Encrypted File (EF) and publishes <abbr title="Encrypted File">EF</abbr> on the Arweave network. Arweave provides a file storage service and an HTTPS interface to retrieve stored files. Also, this Plugin generates a Landing Page (LP) which contains the HMAC-SHA256 hash (HH) of the FileKey (for verification), and publishes it on Arweave. The Plugin writes FileKey and the URL of the <abbr title="Landing Page">LP</abbr> into the Post, so that everyone who can decrypt the post can visit the Landing Page.

### Downloading

When clicking "Download File" in the Snippet under the Post, Maskbook will open the Landing Page. The Landing Page requests all active tabs in the browser to present the FileKey. Maskbook will receive this request and will provide the FileKey.

The Landing Page gets the FileKey and tries verifying the given FileKey with <abbr title="HMAC-SHA256 hash">HH</abbr>. If it is correct, the Landing Page will download the <abbr title="Encrypted File">EF</abbr> from Arweave and will decrypt it. The visitor can then preview it and save it to the local machine.

## Miscellaneous Disclaimers

- Due to technical limitations, the upload progress cannot be very accurate.
- The definition of file size units (<abbr title="Mega-byte">MB</abbr>, <abbr title="Kilo-byte">KB</abbr>, etc) can be platform-specific. Some systems use [1000-based definitions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix), while others use [1024-based definitions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_prefix). You may see different sizes for the same file.
- This service does not manage any data beyond the range specified in this document. Maskbook the software might manage other necessary data, and is beyond the control of this Plugin and/or this Service.

## Changes to this Statement / Contact Us

We may update these terms without explicit notifications. You should frequently check if there is any update, especially after updating Maskbook versions.

If you have any question about this policy, please contact [info@dimension.im](mailto:info@dimension.im).

Commit message:

file-service: Add file security disclaimer

arweave/file-service/plugin-terms.md, after:

[Homepage](../../) / [Partner: Arweave](../) / [Maskbook Plugin "File Service"](./) / Terms of Use

# Maskbook Plugin "File Service"<br>Terms of Use

Last Updated on **Jul 30, 2020**

## Introduction

This is the terms of use for Maskbook Plugin "File Service" and the online service behind it.

This service is built over [Arweave](https://arweave.org) blockchain solutions.

## Definitions

- **This service**: The service "Maskbook File Service" hereby being described.
- **We**: The maintainer of this service, i.e. [Dimension.im](https://dimension.im/).
- **You**: The end user hereby using this service.

## Coverage

This document includes the terms of using the Maskbook Plugin "File Service" (com.maskbook.fileservice). Maskbook itself and other plugins are not covered here.

## Copyright

- You should be the appropriate copyright owner or an authorized person/organization when uploader a file.
- When uploading, you implicitly permit Dimension.im and Arweave (Minimum Spanning Technologies Limited) and any node in the Arweave network (according to the definition provided by the Arweave technology) to serve verbatim copies of file over Internet, to the extent necessary for allowing you to share the file.

## Persistence

- Once you have uploaded a file, it may be impossible to delete it, because the storage is built over blockchain technologies.
- If you request to remove a file, such removal request may or may not be fulfilled.

## Liability

- You are solely responsible for not violating the law when using this service. This service does not assume any liability for any event, e.g. loss of data & damage of business interest.

## Law Enforcement

- This service is a combination of multiple independent sub-services. The providers of these sub-services (including and without limitation to Dimension and Arweave) may comply with court orders and search warrants from law enforcement authorities.

## Technical Summary

### Uploading

This Plugin encrypts the selected file with an AES-256-GCM Key (FileKey) to get Encrypted File (EF) and publishes <abbr title="Encrypted File">EF</abbr> on the Arweave network. Arweave provides a file storage service and an HTTPS interface to retrieve stored files. Also, this Plugin generates a Landing Page (LP) which contains the HMAC-SHA256 hash (HH) of the FileKey (for verification), and publishes it on Arweave. The Plugin writes FileKey and the URL of the <abbr title="Landing Page">LP</abbr> into the Post, so that everyone who can decrypt the post can visit the Landing Page.

### Downloading

When clicking "Download File" in the Snippet under the Post, Maskbook will open the Landing Page. The Landing Page requests all active tabs in the browser to present the FileKey. Maskbook will receive this request and will provide the FileKey.

The Landing Page gets the FileKey and tries verifying the given FileKey with <abbr title="HMAC-SHA256 hash">HH</abbr>. If it is correct, the Landing Page will download the <abbr title="Encrypted File">EF</abbr> from Arweave and will decrypt it. The visitor can then preview it and save it to the local machine.

## File Security Disclaimer

This Plugin encrypts the files you select before uploading to this Service, unless you explicitly disable encryption in the file selection procedure. As long as the file is encrypted, this Service and any other party is unable to decrypt the file, with certain exceptions. In the following circumstances, the file encryption will not be secure enough:

- [P=NP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P_versus_NP_problem).
- Any of the selected cryptographic algorithms (HMAC-SHA256, AES-256-GCM, etc) has [backdoors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backdoor_(computing)).

## Miscellaneous Disclaimers

- Due to technical limitations, the upload progress cannot be very accurate.
- The definition of file size units (<abbr title="Mega-byte">MB</abbr>, <abbr title="Kilo-byte">KB</abbr>, etc) can be platform-specific. Some systems use [1000-based definitions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix), while others use [1024-based definitions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_prefix). You may see different sizes for the same file.
- This service does not manage any data beyond the range specified in this document. Maskbook the software might manage other necessary data, and is beyond the control of this Plugin and/or this Service.

## Changes to this Statement / Contact Us

We may update these terms without explicit notifications. You should frequently check if there is any update, especially after updating Maskbook versions.

If you have any question about this policy, please contact [info@dimension.im](mailto:info@dimension.im).
