arweave/file-service/privacy-policy-uploader.md, before:

[Homepage](../../) / [Partner: Arweave](../) / [Maskbook Plugin "File Service"](./) / Privacy Policy for Uploader

# Maskbook Plugin "File Service"<br>Privacy Policy for Uploader

Last Updated on **Jul 07, 2020**

## Coverage

This privacy policy document is written for uploaders, namely those who upload files in Maskbook plugin "File Service", a non-essential component of the Maskbook software.

## Information Being Collected

Maskbook File Service is built over Arweave blockchain technology, and is designed by the developers of Maskbook.

By uploading a file, the nodes of the Arweave blockchain network may or may not collect your browser type info, your IP address.

Unless you choose to upload an unencrypted file, the nodes of the Arweave blockchain network and the developers of Maskbook are not able to know the content of your file.

Certain metadata of your file will be made public, including file name, file size, date of uploading.

The developers of Maskbook maintain a cache service to allow the file to be downloaded before the file is available in the Arweave blockchain network. The developers of Maskbook are therefore able to collect such metadata and your IP address, but the collected information will only be used for anti-abuse purposes.

You may learn more about the privacy policy of Arweave at <https://arweave.org>.

## Changes to this Statement / Contact Us

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will provide notice on this website, prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you continue to use Maskbook the Extension Software after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.

If you have any question about this policy, please contact [info@dimension.im](mailto:info@dimension.im).

Commit message:

file-service: Add file security disclaimer

arweave/file-service/privacy-policy-uploader.md, after:

[Homepage](../../) / [Partner: Arweave](../) / [Maskbook Plugin "File Service"](./) / Privacy Policy for Uploader

# Maskbook Plugin "File Service"<br>Privacy Policy for Uploader

Last Updated on **Jul 07, 2020**

## Coverage

This privacy policy document is written for uploaders, namely those who upload files in Maskbook plugin "File Service", a non-essential component of the Maskbook software.

## Information Being Collected

Maskbook File Service is built over Arweave blockchain technology, and is designed by the developers of Maskbook.

By uploading a file, the nodes of the Arweave blockchain network may or may not collect your browser type info, your IP address.

Unless you choose to upload an unencrypted file, the nodes of the Arweave blockchain network and the developers of Maskbook are not able to know the content of your file.

Certain metadata of your file will be made public, including file name, file size, date of uploading.

The developers of Maskbook maintain a cache service to allow the file to be downloaded before the file is available in the Arweave blockchain network. The developers of Maskbook are therefore able to collect such metadata and your IP address, but the collected information will only be used for anti-abuse purposes.

You may learn more about the privacy policy of Arweave at <https://arweave.org>.

## File Security Disclaimer

This Plugin encrypts the files you select before uploading to this Service, unless you explicitly disable encryption in the file selection procedure. As long as the file is encrypted, this Service and any other party is unable to decrypt the file, with certain exceptions. In the following circumstances, the file encryption will not be secure enough:

- [P=NP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P_versus_NP_problem).
- Any of the selected cryptographic algorithms (HMAC-SHA256, AES-256-GCM, etc) has [backdoors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backdoor_(computing)).

## Changes to this Statement / Contact Us

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will provide notice on this website, prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you continue to use Maskbook the Extension Software after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.

If you have any question about this policy, please contact [info@dimension.im](mailto:info@dimension.im).
